# D851-Ambrosial
First D851 ROM
I have done some other ROM work for the T989 [T-Mobile S2], and for the Moto Cliq XT [it's alright if you do not remember this phone it was a low end Moto Smartphone (well at the time was a higher end, but was QUICKLY outclassed).  I am going to try and do some kernel and ROM work for the D851.  This is obviously where I will do my best to maintain all my work in a GIT repo so other's may review, add, and otherwise utilize it.  As per the lisc I have assigned to this repo I am telling you right now to NOT HOLD ME RESPONSIBLE FOR ANYTHING THAT HAPPENS TO YOUR DEVICE.  I do my best to ensure everything here is as absolutley stable as possible (I will note things that do not meet this standard as it comes up if it does).  Please realize as with most people in the Android arena I am doing this in my spare time as a hobby, and I can not account for every variation and use case you could possibly run across while using your personal device your own personal way.  I try to be as helpful and nice as possible, but I am not God and my ESP radio went outta tune awhile back so please if you have questions try to put them in to the Wiki or Q&A area so it may benefit others, and I reserve the right to purge any and ALL comments, questions or other communications at will to either save space, stop spam, stop flaming, for continuity, etc.  Basically if you ask any question in good faith in a constructive way that benefits everyone involved even if it puts me in a tough spot or is negative I will leave it alone.  If you are here just to read your own text you want to post online, you bash people here, or otherwise try to disrupt things I will do my best to minimize your negative impact.
